[Music]
this is really strange Charles look at
that I can't believe my eyes unless our
satellite pictures totally wrong its
mount Makalu in tibet and in that
village on top there are trees where
there should be snow this is Professor
module top security we need the best
detective in the world worried dr. claw
he'll never make it to Tibet you're
inspector gadgets nice aren't you yes I
am who are you I'm the pilot who's
supposed to take him to Tibet in that
plane over there oh that's what I was
afraid of he's taking off in that plane
[Music]
hurry get in my plane there's no time to
lose make it fast if I don't get the
millions I demand from Las Vegas I own
bury it in the snow
[Music]
but where's uncle gadget hmm looks like
uncle gadget
landed in that Valley go keep an eye on
in brain I'm going up there to check
things out don't forget to report that
to me
[Music]
I needed God to get me up there maybe
I'll find one in this market are you
okay I think so
good whatever me quickly where did he
call
where did he go little girl song help
Thank You Little Miss I am taboo and now
I owe you a favor I'm Katie and I know
the favor get me up there as you wish
but it is dangerous this path leads to
the raha mascha temple of the Yeti it is
the only way to Mount Markel ooh I got
to get there
come on the dreaded temple of raha Masha
now we get through it within forfeiting
our lives is it that dangerous more than
that
come come on my shoulders here we go
okay be careful
the size seems to be working this is the
short way will soon be there I sure hope
so
my watch shows where you activity above
I'll bet it's a weather machine must be
the place we've got to find a way inside
I think I've got away come on look at
this garden it's a reverse effect of the
machine I hope this works I'm going to
use the magnetic powers of my watch
[Music]
there we go Wow penny that watch is
fantastic we've no time to waste
[Music]
that must be the weather machine those
string stones was powered there and I
still have enough crystal left to
destroy Las Vegas for dr. claw now to
get that storm going in Las Vegas safe I
can get a piece of ice and switch it
with the crystal I'm sure it will Jam
the Machine leave it to me and I get
their attention
you go for the ice and make the switch
what I thought you were in detention
Hall you can wait
[Music]
my weather machine my machine boo-boo
I've got to call chief Quimby my machine
my machine that can't be Kristin it's
ice
[Music]